# 2. `amp`
This is the main module that does most of the heavy lifting in evaluating expressions with the operators +, -, *, /, ^, %, or !, as well as the functions found in `funcEval` and any complex or real numbers in the expression.

## 2.1 Member Variables

`amp.precision` 
> The positive integer number of decimal places that `amp` uses for evaluation.

`amp.openBrackets`
> The set of characters considered open brackets or open parentheses by the evaluator: `{'[', '{', '('}` by default.

`amp.closeBrackets`
> The set of characters considered closed brackets or closed parentheses by the evaluator: `{']', '}', ')'}` by default.

## 2.2 Formatting

`amp.noScientificNotation(string)`
> Returns the string with all instances of scientific notation replaced by their respective decimal expansions.

`amp.complexFormat(string)`
> Returns the string representation of a complex number formatted in the form 'a + bi' or 'a' if the imaginary part is zero.

`amp.numberFormat(string)`
> Returns the string representation of a complex number rounded to the precision specified by the `amp` module with all trailing zeroes removed and integer coefficients in 'a + bi' represented as integers instead of decimals.

## 2.3 Evaluation

`amp.eval(string)`
> Returns the mathematical evaluation of the string expression as long as it only uses real or complex numbers and the functions and operators described in this documentation.

`amp.evaluate(string)`
> Safter version of the method above. Returns `amp.eval` if the method will execute; otherwise it returns the string "Error".

---
[Previous: Introduction](/1. Introduction.md)

[Next: `funcEval`](/3. funcEval.md)