# 3. `funcEval`
This module handles the evaluation of all mathematical functions of the form f(x).

## 3.1 Member Variables

`funcEval.precision` 
> The positive integer number of decimal places that `funcEval ` uses for evaluation.

`funcEval.openBrackets`
> The set of characters considered open brackets or open parentheses by the evaluator: `{'[', '{', '('}` by default.

`funcEval.closeBrackets`
> The set of characters considered closed brackets or closed parentheses by the evaluator: `{']', '}', ')'}` by default.

## 3.2 Function Sets

`funcEval.funcTwoArgs`
> Set of functions that only take two arguments.

`funcEval.funcMultArgs`
> Set of functions that take multiple arguments.

`funcEval.funcComplexArgs`
> Set of functions that take complex arguments.

`funcEval.functions`
> Set of supported functions.

## 3.3 Function Definitions

`funcEval.gcd(list)`
> Returns the greatest common divisor of the members of the list.

`funcEval.lcm(list)`
> Returns the least common multiple of the members of the list.

`funcEval.gcd(list)`
> Returns the greatest common divisor of the members of the list.

`funcEval.gamma(complexNum)`
> Returns the gamma function of the given complex number; undefined on the negative integers.

## 3.4 Evaluation

`funcEval.oneArgFuncEval(function, value)`
> Returns the complex number output of the function with the single value as input.

`funcEval.multArgFuncEval(function, listOfValues)`
> Returns the value of the output of the function with the list of values as arguments.


`funcEval.evalFunc(string, function)`
> Returns the string with all occurrences of the given function replaced by the value of its output.

`funcEval.evaluateFunctions(string)`
> Returns the string with all occurrences of all functions replaced by the value of their outputs.

---
[Previous: `amp`](/docs/2. amp.md)
